Now let's talk about routes and requests.
As a reminder, a server receives requests,
processes them, and then returns a response.
Routes are used to handle these requests.
The two most common forms of requests are at GET request,
which gets data and a POST request which sends data securely.
Express provides methods that define routing,
and these methods correspond directly to HTTP methods.
To understand this better,
let's take a look at an example using a basic Express get route.
In this example, app.get is an express method to handle the HTTP GET request.
So here we can see we're requiring express,
a package that we've included on the terminal.
Then we set up an instance of our app using const app equal to express.
Then here, we use the getMethod on our app instance.
The getMethod takes two arguments.
The first argument is a string that represents the URL path.
Here, we've just added dash which sets it to root or home.
The second argument it takes is a function.
In this instance, the function we're naming the argument req and res.
Req stands for request and res stands for response.
So inside our function,
we've added the line res.send that's our response.send hello world.
Following this example, if we went to our browser and went to the home URL,
we would see hello world presented to us.